# LoanTech

Students from private schools and those from urban areas can access high-quality digital learning. But we aren’t able to help those from the economically weaker parts in rural areas. There is no plan for them. There needs to be an aggressive push to do this as quickly as possible. The poorest households cannot afford a smartphone or a computer. We thought of a solution to break the digital divide. Of total e-waste, approximately one quarter – or 9.3 million metric tonnes – is made up of personal digital devices such as computers, displays, smartphones and tablets and numbers are growing with major tech advancements and not all electronic waste are scrap some can be be reused since they have lost focus due to it being out of trend or computational power, but they can be used to teach programming to kids or for digital education and e-waste is most rapidly growing waste problem. We are trying to make loaning process for those old devices for students. There are many old computer shops which already have outdated computer parts, laptops, mobile phones etc. Just we can can partner with them, not buy them buy rent them, we can install a linux os on the system and can help loan those devices to schools and students a very low cost. Loaned devices will not have any issues as it will be prechecked, also to think old pc can run very well on some linux os today also. We have a great role model, country like US, where companies like Dell, Google loan devices to school and with each passing year the devices find their new way to small children who don't need a heavy system, so think like as a small entry level programmer would require a descent system instead of high end one, so high end can be loaned to someone else. No one is actually buying the devices or owing it but the devices are in circulation, and point is we can make impact in terms of sustainability, scalability and quality education for all. 
